So again I haven't really done this much before.
But let's see if I can send myself a text message.
I'm going to say get started with programmable Azzam S. All right.
And I'm building my application.
Looks like it can just click on just exploring.
Let's see how I can do this really really fast.
First I have to get a Tulio phone number so in order to send a message I need a phone number and this
is my Twilio phone number.
Right.
So we'll choose this number.
That's great.
All right.
I'm gonna copy this number in case I need it.
Let's click done.
And by the way a job of a programmer is to well most of the time read documentation Google around and
just figure out how things work in general.
You're just a problem solver right.
So we have send a message here.
We have my phone number that I just received.
And let's see over here in the right to request it looks like.
Oh yeah.
Look at that.
I can click on Python and it shows me exactly how cool is this.
Exactly.
What code I need to send my message all right.
And it gives me even the auth token and the s I.D. and looks like the ortho can.
I'll have to grab.
All right in the next video we're going to copy this code and tried to sent myself a text message.
Let's see if it works.